gh-ssh-key: add page (#5308)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gh-ssh-key.md

# gh ssh-key

> Manage GitHub SSH keys from the command line.
> More information: <https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_ssh-key>.

- Display help:

`gh ssh-key`

> - List SSH keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List SSH keys attached to your account:
```

Reviewer 2: Why not something like:
> List SSH keys for the currently authenticated user:

Reviewer: Sounds good.  I'll update my suggestions.

`gh ssh-key list`

> - Add an SSH key to the user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add an SSH key to your account:
```

`gh ssh-key add {{path/to/key.pub}}`

> - Add an SSH key to the user with a specific title:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add an SSH key to your account with a custom title:
```

Author: Why try to avoid her/him/your. Take a look to https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/master/pages/common/gh-issue.md

Reviewer: I known about him/her, but I didn't know about your.  Well we seem to use it in quite a few pages...126 of 2,221 (5.67%).  Still?

Reviewer: I like 'your' because it gets the point across so clearly and without the slightest confusion.

Reviewer 2: Hmm, I think using something like `the currently authenticated user` makes this quite readable without having `him/her/your`. I also think that `specific` works better than `custom`, but I don't mind either way. 👍🏻

Reviewer: Personally I prefer custom in some circumstances just because it has fewer syllables.  But I think you're right.

Reviewer 3: Generally speaking we try to avoid the 2nd person in tldr-pages. I like the idea of avoid him/her too - @owenvoke's suggestion here seems like the best solution.
